Hard Light - Add keyboard, basic keymap (#12654)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/edi/hardlight/readme.md

# Hard Light

> ![Hard Light](https://i.imgur.com/X6Katar.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Hard Light](https://i.imgur.com/X6Katarh.png)
```

A compact 60% keyboard designed by Fate Everywhere. Born out of the desire for a Planck with a numpad for technical work and a lack of reliance on the Elite-C.

> Keyboard Maintainer: [Fate Everywhere](https://github.com/fateeverywhere)  
> Hardware Supported: Revision P, Revision Q, Mark 1 Hard Light.  
> Hardware Availability: Seven Store (https://store.7storm.org).
> 
> Build example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):
> 
>     qmk compile -kb edi/hardlight -km default
> 
> Flash example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):
>  
>     qmk flash -kb edi/hardlight -km default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Keyboard Maintainer: [Fate Everywhere](https://github.com/fateeverywhere)
* Hardware Supported: Revision P, Revision Q, Mark 1 Hard Light.
* Hardware Availability: Seven Store (https://store.7storm.org).

Build example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make edi/hardlight:default

Flash example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):
 
    make edi/hardlight:default:flash
```
